hello it's Ruby and I hope you're having
a lovely day so far so today I'm going
to be doing a video which I have been
thinking about doing from really long
time actually I love watching reacting
to you my diary videos they are very
very amusing
it's that contrast between your younger
and your older self and I'm really
interested philosophically by the
relationship between these between these
two persons and how they connect to each
other and I think Diaries are a really
interesting way to explore that I have
been daily journaling for a couple of
years now and these are three of my
Diaries if I'm completely honest and
joining university I have got out of the
habit of daily journaling and I really
want to get back into it from the ages
of 14 to 17 I daily journal every single
day this journal however is my diary
that I kept from the age of 8 to 12
I didn't journal that much with this one
but today I'm going to be reacting to
this one because it is definitely the
most amazing
I haven't read through it for a couple
of years particularly because it is
anti-bullying week at the moment I
wanted to put a spin on this video and
actually react to a diary entry when I
was being bullied
it is antipodean week at the moment
anti-bullying is something I feel very
strongly about is something which I've
struggled with in the past and I think
it's really important for us to talk
about it I don't think it's just
bullying I think that's a really
dangerous way to frame bullying and
frame issues surrounding it because
ultimately it boils down to much greater
issues which are more fundamental in
society it's not just bullying in the
school round but it's that hatred and
it's that lack of understanding which
then contributes to conflict in adult
life so I think it's really important
for us to treat bullying is a serious
issue while we're still what when kids
are young as a way to prevent
discrimination and hatred in the future
by the way this camera I just realized
is running out of charged so I'm now
going to change cameras I'm very
thorough it's going to look different in
terms of time lengths when I was bullied
I think I struggled with when I was in
year 5 but that was more loneliness
and general unfriendliness more than
bullying the directors I'm going to be
reacting to our more with unfriendliness
and loneliness I was quite isolated when
I was in year 5 I didn't have any
friends because I had some friendship
problems at the end of year 4 and so I
was I felt very lonely in year 5 and I
remember feeling very lonely it was
really I mean I really enjoyed time
outside of school and I enjoyed lessons
but break times were just something I
really really hated and I was in year 5
and today I'm gonna be reacting to those
diary entries from when I had very few
friends I already know this is gonna be
so embarrassing I don't even know why
I'm making this video today I realized
that friendship is really important my
spelling was also awful so realizes
felts are e/l ised important start with
an E I really struggle with spelling
when I was in primary school today I
realized that friendship is really
important that you can't just throw them
away they could lead you away from
misery and take you into happiness yes
really that's the lovely lovely thing to
say I've very dramatic I realized
reading through this event was already
quite dramatic I really love drama when
I was younger and I know that I was a
very melodramatic child just the kids I
enjoyed acting it
I can't believe saffron went off with
Aran leaving me crying sadly everyone is
with someone just go off leaving it oh
my gosh this is embarrassing just go off
leaving an innocent girl there without
any friends to comfort her an innocent
guy I'm like I'm totally feeling sorry
for myself here which may be it which
really isn't the most productive thing
to do you could definitely channel that
loneliness into you and that upset into
actually making friends as opposed to
just being sorry for yourself I think at
the same time that's really easy to beat
yourself up I look back on how I reacted
to bullying for example in year eight or
nine and I think oh I didn't handle that
right and that's okay because when you
are believed it can be hard to make that
really rational conscious decision you
sometimes know what is the best thing to
do you know what the most logical thing
to do is but you don't always do that
is often coping mechanisms aren't
rational often we just do what we have
to do I do think it's important to not
beat ourselves up about how we coped
with nastiness at school because we
can't expect ourselves to have that
rationale and so even though I'm really
embarrassed by what I've said here
anything that feeling sorry for yourself
is quite counter and counterproductive I
equally know that that is a coping
strategy and I evidently did to use it I
don't think it was helpful but at the
time I suppose it would have helped me
to feel better about the situation I
know what I'm about to say here and this
is so embarrassing okay with everyone
gone they won't care if they get hurt I
know if I'm speaking in the third person
as well I'm like they big us they with
everyone gone they won't care if they
get hurt then let it all out on people
we love again change changing my
personal pronouns though this is very
confusing Ruby in terms of in terms of
who you're speaking to you while you're
speaking when I was struggling with
friendships when I was in year five I
know that I really took it out on my
parents I was quite angry at home
because I was really upset at school
again not a great caving strategy I
really regret it
I've apologized to my parents but it's
something that at the time I wasn't able
to control and I think that's okay I
think that's important to recognize to
take on these caping strategies it's not
your fault necessarily that you take
them on because you don't choose which
coping strategies you're going to use
it's really good to be aware of and try
to recognize when a coping strategy
isn't positive and when it's actually
really not helping you at all Oh from
now on go to comfort someone if not
friends in sight and ask them what is
wrong but I better always be the same
the next day they'll be off playing I
myself say if no one comforts someone or
plays with them for three days I will be
their new friend if they're in my class
oh I hate that I had this mindset when I
go into senior school I didn't think
about it so much when I was in primary
school I was very much like oh yes you
can only be friends with people in your
class I think that's a really bad way to
look at things especially because my
gear groups are very small at Primary
School I had 20 people like 18 20 people
in my year I will no longer
comfort someone if not friends in sight
and ask them what's wrong obviously
that's very broken English I really do
think that bullying helps she'd be more
empathetic the only person I can trust
is Maisie Maisie was my out of school
best friend we throw each other all the
time but I need someone in school to
help - help me comfort me if I hurt
myself or sad Ruby my litora english was
terrible - help me comfort me it's not
just to comfort me it's to help me
comfort me someone who would hear this
is someone who would care if I hurt my
finger badly in lacrosse
I remember everything lacrosse and
everyone's just getting a bit excited I
think and put that girl acrostics in the
middle we were trying to like get the
ball you had to fight to get it because
people were being very energetic and
excited about the activity someone
bashed into me my finger ended up
getting stuck in the middle of the
lacrosse sticks I was a big cut on the
finger and it's it hurt but I don't
remember being upset about the fact that
I'd hurt myself but I remember being
really really upset because no one asked
if I was okay even though it was quite
clear that I'd hurt myself like I blood
running down my hand it just really
upset me I'd been really upset for quite
a while because I had I was really
struggling with friendships and I was
feeling quite lonely and so that really
sent me over the edge I think everyone
can relate with that you know when
something just happens that just makes
you that's what happened to me as I
asked if I could leave the room and then
I went into the change-related for
crying my PE teacher came in and she was
so lovely to me like really caring I
really appreciated that because when I
was a kid I didn't accept care from
adults because I thought my talk to you
growing up someone he would care if I
hurt my finger and across someone who
likes me for who I am
no one asked if I was alright when I
hurt my finger though I think that if
your teacher likes me she asked if I was
okay when I cried and pee because I
didn't have any friends I said I was
good I was not good at PE and she
comforted me I pretend to us because I
was bad at PE because I felt embarrassed
to say that I didn't have any friends
one only then and I don't even know what
I'm saying here only PE teachers has
ever done that to someone as pathetic as
me well it's really sad actually
but things pick up look at this
Saturday 19th of June this is a jazz as
I said I didn't general very frequently
I have a new best friend / friend
Saphira Mia in school of course media
still my all-time best friend but Sofia
and Mia help me in school and stuff like
I mentioned earlier so that's really
nice
by the end of the year I was a lot happy
that's my first reacting to a diary
video I hope that you enjoyed it I plan
on doing some more mainly with this one
because it's the oldest maybe with this
one too yes I hope that you enjoyed
watching this remember that the whole of
this series I will be leaving resources
down below to help if you are being
bullied also blinking short films that I
liked which helped me when I was being
bullied and also books which might be
able to help you come to terms with
what's happening I personally find that
when I'm going through something I like
to read literature around it because it
helps you feel less alone not should
anyone else relate to that but if so I
will leave a balloon book list down
below thank you so much for watching
this video I hope that you enjoyed it
and I look forward to sharing the rest
of this series with you and so I hope
that you have a productive week and
remember that we can be kind
[Music]
you